so how was the Clemens family reunion
same as always four dozen sheep pinches
two dozen and my have you groans and one
big hairy mustache kiss oh how is your
aunt Zelda what have you enough to well
I met this
I never mind what nothing
Stevens okay okay well you're on
vacation I met this girl yeah gorgeous
blonde yeah
great sense of humor great personality I
think it might be in love yeah other
than that nothing special
okay
move it hey Krista you're here I came
looking for you because you didn't
return any of my letters oh hey I'm
Andrew relax it was just a summer
romance but here's the bad news my
family moved to Briarwood and I'm here
to hound you forever he's Christian
that's crazy
don't believe a word he says I suppose I
should do the official introducing
Andrew Clements this is Krista Stambler
Krista this we may know you know what
Andrew and I met last summer at the lake
are you serious isn't this wild how do
you two know each other
Krista's the girl I was telling you
about yeah yeah humor personality the
girl yours hey guys why don't we go to
the parents that just go for some Kooks
everybody except Andrew Andrew was
riding a cow Andrew a cow yeah isn't he
lucky
Andrew wacky I was coming to the finish
line
Kiki started yelling you never told me
your coffee I would have called you
Keith
it is great to see Andrew Buchan and to
think that you guys are best friends
yeah best friend and it turns out the
girl Kirk told me about is the same girl
I went out with at the lake
talk about your small worlds and who
handed me the viscometer William sure
did you hear anything I said what Kirk
my old girlfriend I going out that
doesn't bother you
get me the autumn neutral later scope
can you or top-shelf
why would economy this is summer romance
sure she's got a great sense of humor
she's intelligent did I tell you how big
her eyes are he sounds like a great girl
she is what she's Kirk's girl now she
said that's it
what's that hey school yearbook genius
you talk about your Beatle haircuts you
look just like Ringo I did not look like
Ringo I look like George Anderson
Christa's on the phone I told her you
where'd he go what's this it's that you
look like John Lennon and who's that
girl beside you Brooke Carlson did you
guys go steady no we did not go steady
we were lab partners we shared a Bunsen
burner did you um did you keep in touch
with her
no after graduation we kind of drifted
apart she probably got married maybe she
didn't get married maybe she became a
scientist just like you always wondering
whatever became of Ben Jeff go Aaron
please okay okay I'm gone I was just
trying to bring a rave romantic
excitement into your boring scientific
world
hi these are thanks I appreciate it
caramel chews or my favorites what are
you laughing at
it's funny I bet I was the last person
you expected to see at the door yeah
hey lighten up I will don't you tell me
what you're doing here I was just
showing Krista some pictures from last
summer at the lake as she called him one
of the scene
she called you hey you don't blow a
gasket we're just friends yeah look I'm
sorry but I just had a bad day that's
all sure Chris says you guys are going
to catch a flick yeah I thought I'd
surprise her and take her to see love
story let me give you a hint not a good
idea we saw that up at the lake hated it
too squishy well that all you to have a
good time
ah candy mmm you're a sweetie what's
wrong um nothing
I don't think what you just seem no I'm
fine you're right yeah let's go I'm
dying to find out what movie you're
taking with you
I hope you didn't mind not seeing a
movie tonight
no I enjoy driving to the lake I was a
little cold you know would it be nice if
we could have stopped gotten something
to eat even talked you noticed
kirk what's wrong
it's inter I mean he's a great guy and
if you wanted to see him again out under
stroke it's only natural that you just
look just tell me what's going on
you do have a way with words five five
five two nine seven one what five five
five two nine seven one I'd write that
down if I were you what is it Brook
Carlson's phone number but how in the
yearbook it said she wanted to go to MIT
so I called them and I thundered all
sorts of things for one she was married
in 75 Oh divorced in 83 Oh moved in 85
Oh back to Briarwood in 88 oh and she's
a doctor I always knew she'd be a doctor
Andrew hi hey you have a good time last
night yeah sure we just went for a ride
Andrew this Kirk when I couldn't read it
around you a little weird is normal for
Kirk I'm serious
doctor feeling he thinks we still have
something for each other that's
ridiculous
me and you well that's what I tried to
tell him how could you think something
like that well I mean sure we went
steady and all that but and you were the
first guy that I ever kiss kiss
I still remember that kiss really you
kidding it was a highlight of my summer
but but to think we could still have
something for each other it's crazy it's
absolutely nuts
I've been looking for you all day you
know what for
you know you think you know someone and
then they just turn around and stab you
in the back Kirk I can't believe she
broke up with me she's like crystal
walked out to me after first period this
morning told me it was over she didn't
happen to mention why that's why I
wanted to see you Kirk listen I want you
to talk to Kristin get us back together
what all you got to do is tell her what
a big mistake she's making tell her what
a great guy I am lie if you have to I'm
desperate
why me because anyone else would hit on
her I trust you you guys are just
friends you said so yourself yeah but
look you gotta help me my best friend
Thanks hello Erin hi dr. J what's up oh
nothing much
just that when I got home today I
discovered a message on my answering
machine from guess who you got me Brooke
Carlson daddy and guess what we have a
date tomorrow night at a very expensive
French restaurant that sounds romantic
yes it does my question is this why do I
have a date with a woman I haven't
spoken to in 20 years if I didn't make
one dr. J sit down frankly I'm worried
about you you're a nice-looking
intelligent man with a great sense of
humor who locks himself in his lab all
day I'm a man of science then I
shouldn't have to explain the facts of
life to you I was the one who called
Brooke I told her I was your secretary
and that you were very busy but you
wanted to see her again I see what on
earth gave you the idea that I would
ever want to go through with such a
crazy ridiculous scheme
Brook was thrilled she was ah she's
meant for me yes I've got a woman she's
meant for me yeah I've got a woman she's
meant for me I say I've got it woman
she's meant for me
great Sean how do you remember all those
lyrics Oh Andrew how can I help you I
need someone to talk to dr. Jane Kirk
and Christa broke up and I kind of feel
responsible nonsense
nobody's responsible and grownup several
relationship was meant to be they'd
still be together that is unless you and
Krista are seeing each other behind
Kirk's back dr. J I need someone to talk
to I see the thing is I still like her
and she likes me but he doesn't know
that and he wants me to talk to her
about getting them back together again
dr. J what am I gonna do
Andrew you're not a kid anymore I can't
tell you what to do but whatever you
decide to do I think you should follow
your heart
yeah thanks dr. J follow my heart follow
your heart because that's what I'm
get ready for the famous Christa finger
torture what didn't you write me I
wanted to I sure do
hundreds of times I just couldn't I want
to forget you I thought it'd be easier
that way
was it no I'm glad Christa we've got to
talk
it's about Kirk before you say anything
I think you should know we broke up I
know he told me I didn't want to hurt
him neither did I Andrew I'm sorry but I
can't change my feelings I met you first
but that doesn't make it right Krista I
mean there's no way Kirk would sneak out
behind his best friend's back and try to
steal his girl so that's what this is
all about guilt this thing between us
should never have happened Krista it
wasn't meant to be
yes it was no wasn't yes it was Oh
Rosalie yes it was
Brooke Carlson
you haven't changed a bit Benjamin come
here
we have a whole evening together to tell
each other how great we both look call
me crazy but there's something I've been
wanting to do with you for a long time
wanting to do me sure good I want to see
your lab
I could do that what did she say
Kirk what are you doing here
I tried calling you about a billion
times you weren't home and I couldn't
wait so what happened what did she say
did you give me the big buildup well I I
tried and yeah
like she
hi hi
how are you doing just great how about
you great
did you say anything yet
I was just about to tell him
tell me what
well I I just Kristen tell me what
Andrew and I are back together again
we don't
I can explain
the Bledsoe Beecher do you know how
brilliant you are how how did you do
this why don't I tell you over an
intimate candlelit dinner little Chablis
some goose liver pate solo almandine
violin sounds wonderful
but not as wonderful as staying right
here
wrap right here happen I just love it no
nose maybe afterwards later we can curl
up around a warm fire yes I'm top
counter rational cellular
I don't know what it is I'm hungry that
stuff's guys from talking while I'm out
with them I guess you're just one of
those girls that makes guys think
thinking's bad Krista see I told you
thinking's bad Krista I can't see you
anymore
sure you can all you gotta do is just do
it we'll just keep seeing each other
it'll work out I'm sorry I didn't want
anybody to get hurt
and now we all are it just isn't meant
to be I know
Wow well one last night
Brooke Carlson you know Aaron I want to
thank you for arranging last night
weren't for you I might have spent the
rest of my life wondering if I missed
anything and I didn't
the reason Brooke Carlson got divorced
is that her husband actually wanted to
spend a little time with her and raise a
family
all that woman could do was talk about
work her work my work her whole
conversation revolved around the rules
and principles of equation and count for
rational formula I will never understand
people who are so immersed in their work
that they're completely oblivious to
everything else all they can do is talk
about what you think in your yearbook
next to the picture of you and Brooke
there's a picture of a girl named fine
Fon Wellesley is that with two L's Oh
kirk we got to talk i broke it off with
crystal right now get away from me not
until we talk this out
you want more last night if that's what
it takes to be your friend again
that's not gonna happen I trusted you
you knew how I felt
forget it I was wrong I'm sorry
you want to shoot some hoops after
school I had to grab a bite let's just
stick with the hoops my jaw is too sore
to eat see you then
women women women who needs them all the
cause is angling trouble heartache play
with your battens stomping your heart
and disappear forever
don't you just love them